yeah this is recaps wraps we're best to
run down the entire Harry Potter saga
get you ones at the ready y'all here we
go
once upon a time in 1991 lived a wizard
named Harry whose dad and mom were
killed by he-who-must-not-be-named to
Baltimore for short said harry hops on a
train up to hogwarts meets hermione and
ron the sorting had source and they get
some footage on the three-headed dog he
car the source of her stolen grants
immortality to the person that owns it
Harry and his friends with dog to sleep
then find a plant play chess avoid
flying Keys locates girl with a turban
on his head which is hiding both the
worst Harry touches him he's dead well
the warts old knocks Harry out then he's
gone but Harry is protected by his belt
from his mom which means bulwark can't
harm her only sighs so I get the story's
gonna go on and on you're to start with
a warning from Dobby I let her see elf
at the hostess tossing Harry from
attorney but he doesn't follow orders at
the ticket flying consoles up for ninety
three quarters big crashes get detention
our message is blood is red tint timber
of Secrets has been up and beware
there's only applies to enemies of the
air and that is when the kid begins to
wonder hoof is Liz the rent
Harry speaks makes we've used up a
little then he stumbles up on the
diarrhea sound ripped it seems Tom
Riddle by to kill morning Berle who's
the ghost of a bastard Virginians in the
middle of for ritual when harry gets
into the pass list to save future
girlfriend
[Music]
and your three hairy bums up at Bart's
eating with the Dursleys back to
Hogwarts you please for the night buzz
Healy tell for some reason Dumbledore
loose dippers to me Sirius Black has
escaped as a prisoner of azkaban as a
butch Dementors flyer on the placemaking
Tarcoles while also sucking base and
devouring souls who Defense Against the
Dark Arts professor losing teachers up
and turn his charm which you wish you
could do away with dementia cause harm
Desmond Browns red bites and Red's into
Peter seriously but fight him Peter
Pettigrew now faces certain doom if it
turns into a werewolf custom moose the
bank its way sir yes another cave of the
turn back time save min replay under
your for Harry's dreaming up a man is
the gauntlet of fire fix for champions
but you only be three but he makes
capito the deadly Triwizard Tournament
you begin save your breath from Johnny
find an egg the trophies of porky at the
end of the maze says and Harry both go
away to a graveyard Peter Pettigrew
wastes spare get kills death Peters make
it worse for the more gets plugged kill
Harry but first expelliarmus first
killing Kurtz will the more fog breaks
Harry leads to the first I really can't
believe everything's still alive it's
valve robert start here in five with the
order of the Phoenix off the minister he
learned that Voldemort is already
planning a return new Defense Against
the Dark Arts teacher Sheen's smarmy the
kids making secret double doors Harvey
Baltimore is necessary serious dies
neither can this wealthy other survive
everyone just died in the end both
snuggler again
we learn now that workman is both apart
stored in soul agnostic like luck is in
chaos Dumbledore is the one they touch
the Drago's defense and genius staff
what pray tell use your senses
laughter's not to do the enemy to
theatres of attack and they take over
the ministry return us in the form of
the dough to essaouira crystal I break
the ice get the story from food or walk
in the destroy so the wilderness we go
to masters Jessica the deathly hallows
resurrection stones you resurrect ghosts
Elder Wand invisibility cloak will the
more still the wand from double doors
grave trinket turns good we learned that
stasis been helping all along because of
love for Harry's mom so here you must
dice for the work go away but he comes
back to life sponge Death Eaters die
Harry overpowers bowls more people to
the skies night years later he's married
and her father's back at the saga of
Harry James Potter
[Music]
and that was the Harry Potter saga y'all
this recap reps leave a comment letting
us know what you want to see next we'll
see you next time mr. Bennish what's up
guys thanks for watching if you like
this click the box who love to see a
playlist of all our other recap reps or
click the box to the right to see
another dope video be sure to subscribe
to stay up to date on all the latest
warp zone content alright I make like
Ron and wave leaves pumping out
[Music]